a pawn of goiás is the new champion of the
international dodge of barretos in são
Paulo
in the dispute for teams the gauchos are
bicampeões of the mount in bulls
experienced competitors from 11 states
Brazilians and from abroad, but the gauchos
came determined to make it beautiful again
was the last mount of danilo nephew
who decided the international rodeo by
teams
the pawn held fast
ari last year medina won the top
Brazil the first week was today
international and also this year to see
with the repeat dose and the great river of the south
it is the state that is most likely to do
a champion of the international Rodeo
barretos three gauchos champions left
classified among the ten finalists
getting here was not easy 55
competitors were behind including
all foreigners
cleiton neres of sergipe state
faced the challenge even with the
one of the broken legs of the year vettel
said that it was to stay 90 days I said
I will not say not only that the motoboy pulled
It hurts
then we pass the pawn down and still
had to be rescued
the ten competitors six stopped the eight
seconds on top of the bulls but only one
rio grande do sul
after five participations in
the Goiania Claudius Chrysostom of
27 years came to win
claudius who has lost a kidney and
five surgeries stood out in the
four nights of riding and got the
most desired title the pedestrians for it is
just another title in a career
that promising sex and without vanity
I am a guy I looked for me my
i do not have the rodeo profession
grow to show me the pawn
although there was a team I rode one of the
best of Brazil until next week to
up united states seeking nothing in the final
world to me I will remain the
even the same simplicity the same
simplicity the individual champion won
75 thousand reais in prizes and the champion team
100 thousand reais